DOCS-4394 Adds Error Tracking for Logs Documentation (#16017)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/error_tracking/browser_and_mobile.md

---
title: Track Browser and Mobile Errors
kind: documentation
description: Learn how to track browser and mobile errors from your logs.
is_beta: true
further_reading:
  - link: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/error-tracking/'
    tag: 'Blog'
    text: 'Make sense of application issues with Datadog Error Tracking'
  - link: '/logs/error_tracking/explorer/'
    tag: 'Documentation'
    text: 'Learn about the Error Tracking Explorer'
---

## Overview

> Error Tracking processes errors collected from browser and mobile Datadog SDKs. Whenever an error containing a stack trace is collected, Error Tracking processes and groups it under an issue, or group of similar errors. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Error Tracking processes errors collected from browser and mobile Datadog SDKs. Whenever an error containing a stack trace is collected, Error Tracking processes and groups it under an _issue_, which is a grouping of similar errors. 
```
